Update nifi.properties template for NiFi 2.0.0-M1 (#344)
konpyutaika/nifikop: site/docs/5_references/1_nifi_cluster/1_nifi_cluster.md

| service                   | [ServicePolicy](#servicepolicy)                                                                | defines the policy for services owned by NiFiKop operator.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | No               | -                          |
| pod                       | [PodPolicy](#podpolicy)                                                                        | defines the policy for pod owned by NiFiKop operator.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | No               | -                          |

> | clusterManager                 | [ClusterManagerType](#clustermanagertype)                                                            | specifies which manager will handle the cluster election and states.                                                                                                                                                                                                          | No               | zookeeper                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| clusterManager                 | [ClusterManagerType](#clustermanagertype)                                                            | specifies which manager will handle the cluster leader election and state management.                                                                                                                                                                                                          | No               | zookeeper                        |
```

| Field    | Type   | Description                                                        | Required | Default  |
| -------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------- | -------- |
| username | string | specifies he name of the secret key to retrieve the user name.     | No       | username |
| password | string | specifies he name of the secret key to retrieve the user password. | No       | password |

## ClusterManagerType

| Name                     | Value      | Description                                                                                                                        |
| ------------------------ | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | ZookeeperClusterManager  | zookeeper  | indicates that the cluster election and states will be managed with ZooKeeper.                                                     |
> | KubernetesClusterManager | kubernetes | indicates that the cluster election and states will be managed with Kubernetes resources, with `Leases` and `ConfigMaps` respectively. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ZookeeperClusterManager  | zookeeper  | indicates that the cluster leader election and state management will be managed with ZooKeeper.                                                     |
| KubernetesClusterManager | kubernetes | indicates that the cluster leader election and state management will be managed with Kubernetes resources, with `Leases` and `ConfigMaps` respectively. |
```
